# Angular 1.x Template
A scalable template for 1.x AngularJS apps following directory structure and build best practices.
Mostly for my personal use when starting a new project, but feel welcome to use it.
Default dependencies include: AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap and Gulp.

## How to use this template
1. Download and install Node.js (with npm) from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
2. Download/fork this repo.
3. Run ```npm install```. This creates the node_modules folder in the root level and installs the npm dependencies listed in package.json.
4. Run ```bower install```. This creates the bower_components folder in the root level and installs the npm dependencies listed in bower.json.
5. Look up all instances of "appName" within all files and replace with new app's real name.
6. Run ```gulp watch:all```. This starts a new [BrowserSync](https://www.browsersync.io/) server with live reload after changes to sass, js or html files.
_This also means you get to run in multiple windows at the same time!_
7. Run ```gulp production``` when you're ready for a production build. This will run the production task declared in gulpfile.js, which will create the dist folder.

## How the app structure works
```
appTemplate/                // root level
---- app/                   // angular code lives here
-------- modules/           // individual modules/components get their own folder
-------- shared/            // re-usable angular code
------------ directives/
------------ repositories/
------------ services/
------------ views/
-------- app.js             // app declaration
-------- routes.js          // ngRoutes config
---- assets/
-------- css/               // compiled css will be added here
-------- img/
-------- scss               // pre-compiled scss is added here
---- dist/                  // generated by gulp production task
---- index.html
---- production.html        // index.html but pointing to files in dist folder
---- gulpfile.js
---- package.json
---- bower.json
```

### Notes:
* Currently production.html will need to be renamed to index.html before actual release/upload.
* References to vendor scripts in production.html can be replaced with URLs to hosted scripts if desired.

Feel free to ask questions or give suggestions. Thanks!